BestB4: Initial team check-in:

Project goals:

To build a web app that connects people looking for cooking ingredients with people giving away spare food.

Meeting the goals:

We're currently looking into the best technologies to use, namely:
  Stack option 1:
    MERN stack: Mongo db, Express server, React/Node front end
  Stack option 2:
    As above, with a Handlebars template engine front end instead of React
  Stack option 3:
    Ruby on Rails, Postgres and HTML/ERB views.

In order to enable us to get up to speed efficiently as we evaluate the above options,
some of the team are building a basic Rails version of the project
whilst others research the potential to use React and mapping and recipe APIs.

  Key dates:
    Mon & Tues: Sprint 1 (define and setup)
    Wed & Thurs: Sprint 2 (MVP thin slice)
    Fri & Mon Sprint 3 (build V2)
    Tue & Wed: Sprint 4 (build V3) & feature freeze
    Thur & Fri: Presentation prep

MVP:
  Users can sign up.
  Users can login/logout.
  Users can post a food item to give away, with contact details and postcode.
  Users can view posts.
  Users can search for food in their local postcode area, e.g. NW1.

Final product:
  As above, plus:
  Users can post photos of food items.
  Users can send private messages to organise collection of food items.
  Users offering food can make their replies public (e.g. if answering an FAQ).
  Users can see suggested recipes based on locally available food items.
  Users can search for food within a certain distance, using a map.
  Posts are automatically deleted after a specified expiry date.

Useful links:
  Team learning documentation: https://github.com/eashworth/BestB4/wiki
  Team manifesto: how we plan to work together:
    Tasks will be managed using the team Trello and accompanying Github branches.
    We will have daily standups in the morning, and a short retro at the end of each day.
    We also plan to have frequent catch-ups after completing key research,
    and team discussions prior to merging branches.
